Welcome back to this
First, thank you very much
Josephine tears and laughs well here
namely on my facebook page
leave a comment, then
Just posted to the pin board and me
said that see the next video
and that's why you see what we do
So here today , thanks to the two
and here you see her youtube now
channels if you send me the links
Let's see something again
Well, now we come to
so-called turnover pass the turn overs
It looks something like this
as if you would just take the cards
turn around but what happened
I have a card here now
with , for example, in the case
angular 3 and in which I have the cards
turn around I control these three after
at the top
how this works I show you
now from behind the camera so that the
the whole thing happened the following
you have a break over the map
you want to control upwards now
or of course under the card you
so want to control down that
Deck will be at this point, then
that's the essential thing like
Well, that's what the bottom package is all about
is essentially on the upper package
put on it and with these upwards
the upper package will simply be lying
turned that that is the whole
fundamental so and now we come
to how to then performs the whole
So you keep the cards as always completely
normal index finger here thumb in front so
at the side and the three fingers
now, however, is the index finger
down and touched with this first one
limb down here
the bottom card will be the same
important because if we are here now
then it is with the
index finger helps these cards
to turn this package over here and so
all this from the beginning so there
You have to introduce yourself in front
are the spectators
the right hand goes in a bit before
a small angle so that the
spectators a bit more this deck
seen and less the cards but they
go a bit and to the side that
So it's about as and before
a little bit up is almost over this corner
something about the corner and at the same time
but you found that turning so here
out you can just one
a little bit so practice the thumb out
stay at the side
so you do not look at the whole thing like that
and if you are at the point where the package
here the lower package at the top
is over then the index finger
Here the package takes over and turns
it down and once it's down there
arrived , the bottom turned with and
arrive here
okay, a little faster
it goes to the front turns her turn
that and walks over and then a
Fluid movement because it does not
but it is a fluid movement
ok, no big deal is out for
the spectator as if you were just
only the cards turn so if the
now more spectators from above
then you can look after them too
can go forward for such leave
you also just the cards so directly
just handed over
and so do when the spectator of
almost on top of it looks yes it is always
a little winkler depending on that
memorize it then if practicing now
nevertheless it is difficult so actually
The audience should only in one
Direction be for example an
spectator is and here and there then becomes
difficult because no one sees it then
always from the side or from the other
side or so only one
direction more optimal
so a few more tricks from now
ahead
So what else is there to this angle
you have a break here now
wonderful as you want it to be natural
yes of course from hemer and therefore
Do not you do it like this or something ?
so far no one is kicking rizzoli cards
without that means only very little
and so easily and in the moment where
it starts to turn turned yes too
Turn this way and then you are at the
point where the corner is over here
and then you turn in the moment
this package is so forward and forward again
you turn everything over and that
most important is that it really is one
flowing movement remains
if and above all this here this
we do not avoid that
claps or complains because I mean the
cards with what should work there or
clapping has that is illogical so
a little movement and especially that
is actually the important one
most important instruction as soon as you do that
have on it yes that is really no
easier occupation than a lot of exercise in it
but the turnover pass has its
benefits such as i 'm going
somehow so through the cards finds the
card that I want to get up to
For example, the herzbuben and says so her
like you see all cards the same
makes at the distance I take my
break so we can yes then I say
kind of like, then we can
yes directly with the dirt and click
the card was that and everything was
You know what I mean
then you have the card just above okay
well the most important instruction too
fast and that does not make much of a difference
it if her cards so our
look at the cards already
spectator the spectator looks namely
wherever he looks when you are
will you turn that over on the
cards would also be fixed as
look and maybe that will
remember if now but completely
easy says okay so we are all cards
Immediately then he looks at the spectator
Eye contact in the eyes and says good
there you can start with the trick and do it
it by the way it really is the
spectators maybe from the corner of the eye
see that we bypass the cards
and does not think anything about it that is
the most important
mister action distraction so practice this
only who is really great and if he is
has a little bit on it then is too
really completely invisible
maybe before at the one
or other forms of her have seen
So practice the profession and give notice and
have fun with it
I hope that helped as I said
every Friday there are new videos now
So you have a week around again
on facebook tell me what you like
would like to see
I hope that does too and we see
then and think of a canal
Subscribe because that's the most important thing
Well, see you next time
times servus